Made NLopt.jl interface properly handle options & minor changes to MOI (#160)
SciML/GalacticOptim.jl: docs/src/global_optimizers/global.md

## NLopt.jl

> NLopt.jl algorithms are chosen via `NLopt.Opt(:algname, nparameter)` or `NLO(:algname)` where `nparameter` is the number of parameters to be optimized . Consult the

Reviewer: it's not parameters. Parameters of the optimization problem are not optimized.

Author: .

Reviewer: Yes, but those aren't parameters. Those are the states of the optimization problem. An optimization problem also has parameters, but that's a separate thing.

> NLopt.jl algorithms are chosen via `NLopt.Opt(:algname, nparameter)` or `NLO(:algname)` where `nparameter` is the number of parameters to be optimized . Consult the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NLopt.jl algorithms are chosen via `NLopt.Opt(:algname, nstates)` or `NLO(:algname)` where `nstates` is the number of states to be optimized . Consult the
```
